- CAN'T KEEP A PREGNANT LADY
WAITING.
- YOU'D THINK IF YOU KNOW
SOMEONE ON THE FORCE,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE TO WAIT
SO LONG
TO GET YOUR CAR SEAT
INSTALLED, RIGHT?
- WELL, TEXT MARK AGAIN.
- I DID TEXT HIM,
LIKE, A HUNDRED TIMES.
HE'S NOT TEXTING ME BACK.
- UGH.
- HEY, LADIES. I'M STEVE.
SORRY TO KEEP YOU WAITING.
- UH, I WOULD'VE WAITED MORE.
- WORTH--WORTH THE WAIT.
- READY FOR ME
TO GET UP IN THERE?
- YEAH, WE--WE NEED A MAN...
- PLEASE, I NEED YOU
TO GET UP IN THERE.
- THAT COULD JUST DO IT.
JUST DO IT
AND DO IT RIGHT.
- GREAT, LET'S MAKE
A BABY SAFE, HUH?
OKAY.
- [whispering]
OH, MY--
- YOU GIRLS MAY WANT
TO LEAN IN REAL CLOSE.
- OKAY.
- I'LL SHOW YOU
HOW TO STRAP IT IN.
- OH, YES, WE'D LOVE TO.
- SORRY, WHAT WAS THAT?
- HE WANTS US TO LEAN IN.
- OKAY, IT'S GOTTA BE TIGHT.
- YEAH, IT DOES.
- MM-HMM.
I WOULD LOVE
TO FEEL THE TIGHTNESS
THAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT,
STEVE.
- WELL, DON'T BE SHY.
GET IN HERE.
GET YOUR HANDS ON IT.
- ARE YOU SURE?
- [laughs] YEAH.
- OH, OKAY.
OH, OH, THERE WE GO.
OH, I FEEL THAT. YEAH.
- GIVE IT A PULL.
- DO YOU FEEL IT?
- YEAH, MAGS, YOU NEED TO--
- IS THAT OKAY
IF I JUMP IN HERE?
- YOU NEED TO EXPERIENCE--
- OF COURSE, GIVE IT A PULL.
- JUST WANT TO GET
MY FINGERS ON--
OH, I SEE,
THE TIGHTER THAT I PULL--
- YEAH, THE HARDER IT GETS.
- YEAH.
- IS THAT HOW IT WORKS?
[laughter]
THAT'S GREAT.
- EMMA, WHAT'S WITH
THE MILLION TEXTS?
- OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
NO, NO, NO, MARK.
WE DON'T NEED YOU ANYMORE.
THANK YOU.
- WHY DO YOU LOOK SO FLUSHED?
- OH, NO, STEVE IS DOING IT.
STEVE IS--
- WELL, GUYS, I'M HERE NOW,
SO LET ME JUST
TAKE A LITTLE LOOK-SEE.
- NO, IT'S OKAY, IT'S OKAY.
- STEVE IS DOING IT FOR US.
- WELL, STEVE'S A ROOKIE,
AND HE'S ONLY DONE IT,
LIKE, THREE TIMES.
NO OFFENSE, BUDDY.
- WE'LL TAG-TEAM IT.
- OKAY, YEAH.
YOU WANT TO TAG-TEAM IT?
YOU WANT TO DOUBLE-MAN IT?
- NO, NO, NO, NO.
NO, NO.
- IT'S OKAY.
- JUST ONE, JUST ONE.
- JUST ONE.
- THAT'S EXHAUSTING.
- THEN I'LL DO IT, OKAY?
LIKE, I DON'T WANT TO BRAG,
BUT I'VE BEEN KIND OF KNOWN
FOR BEING ABLE TO DO THIS
FASTER THAN ANYONE ELSE.
- WELL, FASTER
IS NOT NECESSARILY BETTER,
JUST SO YOU KNOW.
- NEVER BETTER.
- [grunts]
THERE IT IS.
AND...AND...I'M DONE.
IT'S GOOD THAT I CHECKED THAT,
BECAUSE IT WAS STILL
A LITTLE LOOSE.
- WELL, WHO CARES, MAN?
- ARE YOU KIDDING ME? WOULD YOU
PREFER THAT SHE WASN'T SAFE?
- WE WOULD PREFER FOR STEVE
TO HAVE DONE IT ALONE!
- I THINK THE WORDS YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR ARE "THANK YOU."
- THANK YOU.
- GET OUT.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
WHAT IS WITH--
- HEY. NICE WORK.
- THANK YOU, BUDDY, YOU TOO.
- THANK YOU, STEVE.
- YEAH.
- JUST COULD HAVE BEEN
A LITTLE TIGHTER.
- LET ME JUST SEE SOMETHING.
- YOU REALLY--WHAT'S--
- OH, GOD, IT CAME--
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED, I--
both: STEVE!
[Back Before We Were Brittle
by Say Hi]
- ♪ HEY, REMEMBER WHEN ♪
♪ ALL OF TIME STOOD STILL ♪
♪ OOH, DO DO DO DO ♪
♪ BACK BEFORE WE WERE BRITTLE ♪
♪ BACK BEFORE
WE WERE BRITTLE ♪
- I'LL TELL YOU WHAT
I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT,
WATCHING STEVE
MANHANDLE THAT CAR SEAT.
WHY WAS THAT SO SATISFYING?
- WELL, I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT IT WAS FOR ME.
I HAVEN'T HAD SEX
SINCE THIS BABY WAS CONCEIVED.
- UGH, IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME
FOR ME TOO.
29 DAYS.
- OH, WAS THAT THE GUY
YOU CALL...
both: SHANGHAI SURPRISE?
- YEAH, I TOLD YOU ABOUT HIM,
RIGHT?
- OF COURSE YOU DID,
BUT WOULD YOU JUST
GIVE ME THOSE DIRTY DEETS
ONE MORE TIME?
- MAGGIE, WE ARE
IN YOUR LAWYER'S OFFICE.
- HE SENDS YOU A TEXT.
- OKAY.
- IT'S JUST THE NUMBER 2201,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
- IT'S THE PENTHOUSE SUITE
AT THE MANDARIN ORIENTAL.
FRETTE LINENS,
400 THREAD COUNT.
- OHH.
- ORCHID PETALS
COVERING THE BED.
- PERFECTLY DRAWN BATH.
- AND THEN...
THE SCENT OF SANDALWOOD.
- OOH.
- I FEEL HIS PRESENCE
COME UP BEHIND ME.
- YEAH, YOU DO.
- MM-HMM.
AND HE JUST WHISPERS
IN MY EAR.
HE'S LIKE
ONE OF THOSE '90s BOY BANDS
WHERE THEY JUST TALK ABOUT WHAT
THEY WANT TO DO TO YOUR BODY.
- GIRL, I WANNA LICK YOU
UP AND DOWN...
♪ TILL YOU SAY STOP ♪
- BUT YOU DON'T SAY STOP.
YOU KNOW WHY?
- OKAY, WHY?
- 'CAUSE HE LOOKS LIKE
IF COLIN FIRTH
AND A VERY, VERY YOUNG
JASON STATHAM HAD A BABY.
- OH, MY EARS ARE BURNING.
[laughs]
- OH, HEY, GARY. HI!
- HELLO.
HI.
- WE WERE JUST CHITTIN' AND--
AND--AND CHATTIN'.
- WELL, YOU LOOK GREAT.
- OH, THANKS.
OH, OH.
- COME ON.
- OKAY, WE'RE HUGGING.
HI.
- [laughs]
- UM...COOL.
- YEAH.
- OH, I'M SORRY.
THIS--
UH, YOU REMEMBER
I TOLD YOU ABOUT EMMA?
- THIS IS EMMA!
- YEAH, HI.
- IT'S GREAT TO MEET YOU.
- NICE TO MEET YOU.
- YES. MAGGIE THINKS
THE WORLD OF YOU.
- OH, WELL,
I THINK THE WORLD OF HER,
WHICH IS WHY
I'LL BE ACCOMPANYING HER
TO THE PROCEEDINGS.
- GREAT.
ONE MORE PERSON IN OUR CORNER.
- YEAH.
- YOU KNOW, I'M TAKING A LOOK
AT ALL THIS STUFF,
AND I'M TOTALLY CONFIDENT THAT
AFTER THE DIVORCE MEDIATION,
WE WILL NOT NEED TO GO TO COURT.
- OH, GOOD.
- HOWEVER, I HAVE A BONE
TO PICK WITH YOU.
- WHAT?
- YOU'RE VERY BAD FOR ME.
I'VE PUT ON, LIKE, 4 POUNDS...
- OH.
- SINCE WE STARTED
WORKING TOGETHER
BECAUSE THOSE TRUFFLES YOU MADE
ARE THE BEST THINGS...
- OH.
- I HAVE EVER PUT IN MY MOUTH.
AND MY RECEPTIONIST DORIS HAS
LOST HER MIND OVER THESE THINGS.
- WAIT, I'M SORRY.
DORIS WAS MUNCHING ON 'EM?
- YEAH.
- 'CAUSE THOSE WERE NOT FOR HER.
- OH. [laughs]
- YOU NEED ME TO SPEAK WITH HER?
- I MAY NEED YOU TO HAVE
A COUPLE HARSH WORDS
WITH HER ACTUALLY.
LIKE, I LOOK FOR THE BOX,
AND I'M LIKE, WHAT HAPPENED?
- NO, DORIS!
- GARY, UM,
I TOOK THE INITIATIVE
OF DOING A LITTLE RESEARCH
INTO CONNECTICUT DIVORCE LAW,
AND WHAT I WOULD LOVE TO DO
IS TO START WITH THE FINANCIALS.
- OH, NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
- MM-HMM.
- WE TOOK CARE OF ALL THAT.
- OH, OKAY.
WELL, I'VE DONE A LITTLE WORK
IN, UH, PRIVATE EQUITY, SO--
- OH. OKAY.
HERE IN CONNECTICUT?
- UH, NO, IN CHINA ACTUALLY,
FOR LOTUS CAPITAL.
IT'S, UM, ONE OF THE LARGEST
COMPANIES IN ALL OF ASIA.
- WOW, YEAH,
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT CHINESE PRIVATE EQUITY
AT ALL.
BUT I HAVE BEEN
PRACTICING DIVORCE LAW
HERE IN CONNECTICUT
FOR SEVEN YEARS NOW,
SO...
- OH. WHAT LAW SCHOOL WAS IT
THAT YOU SAID YOU WENT TO?
- JUST A LOCAL SCHOOL.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW IF
YOU WOULD'VE HEARD OF IT.
IT'S CALLED YALE?
- OH, I SEE. OKAY.
- YEAH, I HAVE MY DIPLOMA HERE.
I FRAMED IT AND EVERYTHING.
I'M HAPPY TO SHOW YOU THE--
- I'LL TAKE YOUR WORD FOR IT.
- ARE YOU SURE?
'CAUSE I CAN GET IT.
- GARY WAS A WHIFFENPOOF.
- I'M SORRY?
- YES.
- IT'S THE OLDEST COLLEGIATE
A CAPPELLA GROUP
IN THE UNITED STATES.
- YES, BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY,
I WAS A LORD IN
THE MEDIEVAL MADRIGAL SOCIETY.
- MM.
- WOW.
- KIND OF A BIG DEAL.
IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME,
BUT, UH...
♪ HUM, HUM, HUM ♪
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
IS HE HAVING A STROKE?
- ♪ HUM, HUM ♪
- ♪ THE BOAR'S HEAD,
AS I UNDERSTAND ♪
- ♪ IS THE RAREST DISH
IN ALL THE LAND ♪
♪ HUM, HUM ♪
- WHAT'S HAPPENING RIGHT NOW?
both: ♪ THE BOAR'S HEAD,
I PRESENT IN HAND ♪
♪ AND THUS BEDECKED
WITH A GAY GARLAND ♪
- THIS IS GREAT.
ARE YOU GUYS GONNA
DO THIS TOMORROW?
- YEAH, IF WE HAVE TO.
♪ THE BOAR'S HEAD,
AS I UNDERSTAND ♪
- ♪ THE BOAR'S HEAD,
both: ♪ IS THE RAREST DISH
IN ALL THE LAND ♪
- I GOTTA SAY, I WAS NOT
EXPECTING TO BE IMPRESSED
BY YOUR SMALL-TOWN LAWYER,
BUT GARY KNOWS HIS STUFF.
- I KNOW.
I'M SO HAPPY TO HAVE--
I FEEL VERY LUCKY,
VERY TAKEN CARE OF, YOU KNOW?
- YEAH. I COULD DO
WITHOUT THE MOUTH MUSIC, THOUGH.
- [laughs]
- SONGS ABOUT--
- [reprising song]
- ESPECIALLY THOSE CREEPY
MEDIEVAL TONES.
- HEY,
I KNOW THIS IS WEIRD, BUT...
- MM-HMM.
- I DON'T KNOW,
I WAS KIND OF THINKING
THAT GARY AND I MIGHT JUST--
- [scoffs]
GO OUT FOR A CUP OF COFFEE
AND AN HOUR
WITH YOUR KINDLE FIRE,
AND YOU'RE
FORCED TO CONFRONT YOUR PAST
IN AN UNPLEASANT WAY.
- MOM, YOU CAME OVER
TO OUR TABLE.
- WELL, I CAN'T STAY.
I AM TAKING
A MUAY THAI BOXING CLASS,
AND I'M ALREADY
MUY MINUTES LATE.
- I'M PRETTY SURE THOSE ARE TWO
COMPLETELY DIFFERENT LANGUAGES
YOU'RE BUTCHERING,
BUT OKAY.
WHAT?
OH, MY GOD, MOM.
ARE YOU DYING?
MOM, DO YOU HAVE CANCER?
- NO, I DON'T HAVE CANCER.
I HAVE SYRUP.
FROM THE CABIN.
YOU LOVED IT WHEN
YOU WERE A KID, SO HERE IT IS.
I HAVE A CRATE OF IT
AT HOME,
BUT I HAVE A TOUCH
OF OSTEOPOROSIS,
SO I CAN'T LIFT IT.
SO COME AND GET SOME
IF YOU WANT.
OR DON'T.
WHATEVER.
I'M SURE YOU'LL DO
WHAT YOU WANT.
- THAT WAS WEIRD.
- WELL, I THOUGHT IT WAS SWEET.
- GIVING ME PURSE SYRUP?
- IT'S FROM LAKE KIMMEWAH.
DON'T YOU ALWAYS SAYS
THAT THE ONLY PLACE
YOU AND YOUR MOM
EVER GOT ALONG?
- UM, OKAY, WELL, YEAH,
'CAUSE IT WAS HARD TO FIGHT
WHEN YOU'RE DRINKING COCKTAILS
IN A KAYAK.
- [laughs] OKAY, MAYBE SHE WAS
JUST TRYING TO REACH OUT.
- SHE'S TRYING TO MAKE ME FAT.
[phone chimes]
SHE'S JEALOUS OF MY NECK.
OH.
- WHAT?
- [laughs]
OH, GUESS WHAT.
YOUR LAWYER FRIENDED ME.
- OH, MY GOD.
ISN'T HIS PROFILE PIC CUTE?
HE RESCUES PIT BULLS.
- HE LEFT ME A MESSAGE.
"I MANAGED TO RUSTLE UP
MY LAW DEGREE."
THIS GUY'S A PIECE OF WORK.
- YEAH, HE IS.
- WOULD LOVE TO SHOW IT TO YOU
OVER DRINKS.
- OH, GOD! I'M SORRY.
JUICE! JUICE EVERYWHERE.
I JUST SPILLED MY--
I SPILLED MY JUICE.
- ALL RIGHT, EASY,
STEEL MAGNOLIAS.
- JUICE, JUICE, JUICE.
- WE GOT IT.
- [laughing] HE ASKED YOU OUT.
- YEAH, I KNOW.
[stammers]
I'LL SAY NO, THOUGH,
'CAUSE THAT'S WEIRD, RIGHT?
- NO.
I MEAN, DO YOU WANNA GO?
- I MEAN,
HE'S THE ONLY GUY IN TOWN
THAT I'VE MET
THAT'S NOT WEARING A FLANNEL
FROM ROSS DRESS FOR LESS.
BUT, I MEAN,
HE'S YOUR LAWYER, SO...
- NO, YOU HAVE TO GO!
- OKAY, STOP--
STOP YELLING AT ME.
- SORRY.
- ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE OKAY WITH IT?
- OF COURSE,
I'M TOTALLY COOL!
TOTES KEWL!
- OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, WELL, KEWL.
I'LL DO IT.
- KEWL.
- OKAY.
- KEWL. TOTES KEWL.
- STILL GOT IT.
[laughs]
[chomps]
[soft acoustic music]
♪ ♪
- EMMA! YOU GOTTA GO GET
SOME MORE
OF THIS HOMEMADE SYRUP
FROM YOUR MOM.
IT IS DIVINE!
- ARE YOU DRINKING SYRUP
FROM A SHOT GLASS?
- I AM, I'M DOING
A LITTLE TASTING TEQUILA-STYLE.
- OKAY, THAT CANNOT BE GOOD.
- COME ON.
I'M PREGNANT.
SUGAR IS MY ALCOHOL.
- OKAY, LISTEN,
CAN I ASK YOU A QUESTION?
DO THESE RIDING BOOTS
LOOK OKAY?
DOES IT LOOK LIKE
I'M TRYING TOO HARD?
IS IT TOO, LIKE, BLAKE LIVELY
HITTING THE STABLES?
- NO, YOU LOOK GORGEOUS.
WHY ARE YOU TRYING ON BOOTS?
- OH, GARY CALLED.
HE WANTED TO DO, LIKE,
A LAST-MINUTE THING TONIGHT.
SO I WAS LIKE, OKAY.
- TONIGHT?
YOU'RE DOING THAT TONIGHT?
- YEAH, I GUESS
THERE'S A BLUEGRASS BAND
DOWN AT THE GAZEBO?
- THAT'S
THE APPLE DUMPLING GANG,
AND THEY'RE PHENOMENAL.
[doorbell rings]
- OH.
OH, THAT'S ACTUALLY HIM.
- WAIT, I'M SORRY.
HE'S PICKING YOU UP HERE?
- YEAH!
- WHERE I AM?
- YEAH. I GUESS
HE'S A LITTLE OLD-FASHIONED.
ANYWAY, YOU KNOW WHAT,
I AM GONNA CHANGE.
I FEEL LIKE I'M GOING
TO A FOX HUNT.
COULD YOU GRAB THE DOOR?
[whispering] THANK YOU.
- [sighs]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
GARY!
[laughs]
- OH, NO.
DID THE DOORBELL WAKE YOU UP?
- N--WHAT? NO.
JUST, YOU KNOW,
LOOK AT ME.
I'M JUST...
WEARING A LOOSE-FITTING PANT
AND WATCHING THE BUSINESS
OF BEING BORN, SO...
- OH, I DON'T THINK
I'VE SEEN THAT ONE.
- OH, RICKI LAKE
GIVES BIRTH IN A BATHTUB.
SHE JUST, LIKE, REACHES DOWN
AND PULLS OUT A SLOPPY BABY.
- WOW!
[laughs]
THAT SOUNDS CRAZY.
HEY, THERE SHE IS.
- I'M HERE.
HI.
- HI.
- OH, HEY,
LOOK AT THAT--FLATS.
- YEP.
SO ANYWAY--
ALL RIGHT,
WE SHOULD GO, RIGHT?
- YEAH. OKAY, GREAT.
- OKAY.
- OH.
- LET'S GO.
HAVE FUN AT THAT GAZEBO,
RIGHT?
HEY, TELL RONDO I SAID HEY.
HE'S THE ONE WITH THE FULL BEARD
AND THE MANDOLIN.
[mimics mandolin]
[sighs]
- HEY, YOU!
- OKAY, YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BELIEVE THIS,
BUT MY DATE LAST NIGHT
WITH GARY WAS PHENOMENAL.
HE IS SO SWEET.
- [sighs]
THE SWEETEST.
- I MEAN, IT WAS LIKE
SOMETHING OUT OF THE OLDEN DAYS.
DO YOU KNOW THE MAN OWNS
HIS OWN WICKER BASKET?
- OH.
[laughs]
- HE BROUGHT, LIKE,
A BUNCH OF FRESH SALAMS,
AGED CHEESES,
A LITTLE PROSECCO.
- AH! I WANNA HEAR
ALL ABOUT IT,
BUT, UM, I JUST--WE NEED TO GET
TO THE MEDIATION RIGHT NOW.
- BUT IT'S NOT FOR, LIKE,
ANOTHER HOUR AND A HALF, RIGHT?
- I KNOW, BUT I JUST WANNA
GET THERE EARLY,
YOU KNOW, BE PREPARED.
- HEY, HEY.
TODAY IS GONNA GO GREAT,
OKAY?
AND I'M GONNA BE RIGHT THERE
BY YOUR SIDE, OKAY?
- MM-HMM.
- NOW HERE'S SOMETHING
TO TAKE YOUR MIND OFF OF IT.
BEFORE THE CONCERT,
GARY BROUGHT US BACKSTAGE
TO MEET THE BAND.
- YOU MET RONDO?
- YEAH.
THEY DEDICATED A SONG TO US--
BOXCAR LOVERS.
IT'S ABOUT TWO OLD HOBOS
RIDING THE RAILS--
- YEAH, FALLING IN LOVE
OVER A BUNCH OF HOT DOGS.
I KNOW.
LET'S GET ON THE GET!
- OKAY.
I DIDN'T THINK
I'D HAVE SO MUCH FUN WITH GARY,
BUT YOU'D ALREADY TOLD HIM
SO MUCH ABOUT ME.
IT WAS LIKE WE ALREADY KNEW
EACH OTHER, YOU KNOW?
- I DID.
YEAH, I DID.
I TOLD HIM ALL ABOUT YOU.
- YEAH.
I MEAN, IT WAS LIKE WE'D SKIPPED
TO THE TENTH DATE, YOU KNOW?
SO THANK YOU FOR THAT.
- I'M SO HAPPY
I DID THAT FOR YOU.
- YEAH.
[laughs]
[sighs]
- HEY, WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE CAR SEAT?
- OH! RIGHT.
UH, OH, GOD.
OKAY, WELL, WHAT HAPPENED
WAS, UM...
GARY DROVE ME HOME.
- UH-HUH.
- AND HE KISSED ME GOOD NIGHT.
- WOW.
- YEAH, IT WAS ACTUALLY
KIND OF INTENSE.
IT WAS LIKE THAT, UM, SCENE
FROM THE NOTEBOOK,
YOU KNOW, WHERE THEY'RE KISSING
IN THE RAIN?
- YEAH. SKIP TO THE END.
- UM, ANYWAY,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT CAME OVER ME,
BUT I WAS LIKE,
"LET'S MAKE OUT IN THE CAR!"
BUT YOU KNOW HOW
HE DRIVES THAT TWO-SEATER?
SO...
- SO YOU MADE OUT IN MY CAR.
- YEAH,
YOU KNOW, AS...
ADULTS...DO.
- OH!
OKAY, YOU HAD SEX BACK HERE.
WITH GARY.
- I HAD SEX IN YOUR CAR!
SO...
IT WAS CRAZY.
IT'S NOT SOMETHING
I NORMALLY WOULD DO, BUT...
- YEAH.
- I MEAN,
KUDOS TO THE HIGHLANDER.
IT HAS
AN EXTREMELY ROOMY BACKSEAT.
I'LL TELL YOU THAT MUCH.
BUT ANYWAY, I'M SORRY,
I'LL GET THE CAR SEAT
REINSTALLED.
- NO, THAT'S FUN.
ISN'T THAT FUN
THAT YOU WOULD DO THAT?
YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
WE SHOULD GO INSIDE,
SO I CAN GET DIVORCED.
- OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, MAG,
HOLD ON.
- WITH THIS? OKAY.
- YEAH.
- HAVE WE DISCUSSED
THE MUTUAL FUNDS YET?
- YEAH, WE DID.
- THAT RIGHT THERE.
- OKAY.
MY CLIENT WOULD LIKE
TO DISPUTE ITEM 47.
- I SEE.
LET ME ASK YOU THIS.
WAS IT MY CLIENT,
OR WAS IT YOUR CLIENT
WHO HAD AN AFFAIR WITH
A GERMAN WOMAN ON THE INTERNET?
- THAT WAS ME.
- THE DISPUTE IS RESCINDED.
- THANK YOU.
- GARY IS GOOD.
- NAH,
I DON'T THINK SO, GUYS.
NO! NO, SIR!
NOPE.
NO, THIS IS NOT GONNA--
THIS IS NOT GONNA WORK FOR ME.
- MAGGIE, WE WENT OVER--
- NOT GONNA WORK FOR ME, GUYS!
- MAGS, ARE YOU OKAY?
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
THIS IS NOT WHAT I WANT,
OKAY?
BUT I CAN'T HAVE
WHAT I WANT.
- CAN WE TAKE
A FIVE-MINUTE RECESS, PLEASE?
- I THINK I KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE.
[sighs]
BABE, WHAT ARE WE DOING?
I MEAN, YOU'RE CLEARLY FILLED
WITH REGRET.
SO AM I.
MAGGIE CARUSO...
- OH, MY GOD.
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
- MAGGIE!
GET OFF YOUR KNEES, YOU IDIOT!
- ALL RIGHT.
KIND OF A HAIL MARY.
- HEY, MAGS, ARE YOU OKAY?
- YEAH, I'M JUST MAKING SURE
MY CHILD IS SAFE.
I DON'T WANT HER TO FLY OUT
INTO THE WILD BLUE YONDER.
- OH, WELL, WE COULD JUST
GO BACK TO THE POLICE STATION.
YOU KNOW, WE'LL GET--
WE'LL GET STEVE
TO PUT IT IN AGAIN.
- WHY DID YOU HAVE
TO HAVE SEX WITH HIM?
- WHAT?
- OF ALL THE PEOPLE
IN THE TOWN,
YOU HAD TO HAVE SEX
WITH GARY
AND THEN TELL ME
ALL ABOUT IT.
- MAGS, YOU ASK ME TO TELL YOU
ABOUT ALL MY DATES.
- WELL, NOT THIS ONE, OKAY, EM?
NOT THIS ONE.
- OH, MY GOD, MAGS,
DO YOU LIKE HIM?
- YEAH, I LIKE HIM!
OKAY?
AND I KNOW IT'S STUPID,
BUT I THOUGHT MAYBE
HE WAS THE GUY I COULD BE WITH
WHEN EVERYTHING CALMS DOWN.
I MEAN, LISTEN TO OUR VOICES.
IT'S LIKE
PETER PAUL & MARY.
- IF YOU LIKED HIM,
WHY DIDN'T YOU JUST TELL ME?
- YOU SHOULD HAVE KNOWN!
I MADE TRUFFLES FOR HIM.
- YOU MAKE TRUFFLES
FOR EVERYBODY.
- OH, OKAY,
WELL, NOT THESE TRUFFLES.
THESE WERE HANDCRAFTED.
EVERYBODY ELSE, I JUST THROW 'EM
IN THE COCOA ALL WILLY-NILLY.
- MAGGIE, I HAD NO IDEA.
- YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE YOU'RE SO FAR
STUFFED UP YOUR OWN BUTTHOLE
THAT YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
ANYBODY ELSE NEEDS OR WANTS.
- HEY, THAT'S NOT NICE!
- YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE ISN'T NICE
IS HEARING ABOUT YOU DOING IT
ON MY CAR SEAT
WITH THE GUY OF MY DREAMS.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I ASKED YOU IF IT WAS OKAY
IF I WENT OUT WITH HIM,
AND YOU SAID,
"IT'S TOTES KEWL."
- YEAH, WELL,
IT WASN'T KEWL, OKAY?
WHENEVER I SAY
IT'S "TOTES KEWL,"
FYI, IT'S NOT KEWL.
- BUT MAGGIE!
KEWL MEANS COOL!
'CAUSE MAGGIE, LIKE,
COMPLETELY LOST HER MIND ON ME.
- SO YOU HAD SEX BACK HERE,
RIGHT?
- WHAT? I'M SORRY,
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?
- YOU HAD SEX
IN THE BACKSEAT OF THIS CAR.
- HOW DID--WHAT?
HOW DID YOU--
- I'M A COP.
I, UH, SOLVE MYSTERIES
FOR A LIVING.
- [scoffs]
- I ALSO HAPPEN TO KNOW
FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE
THAT YOU HAVE A THING FOR
DOING IT IN THE BACKSEAT, SO--
- OKAY, THAT'S GROSS.
- WHO WAS IT?
- [sighs]
- [grunts]
- MAGGIE'S LAWYER.
- GARY BEITCHER?
WOW. I ALWAYS THOUGHT
MAGGIE LIKED HIM.
- HOW DOES EVERYONE KNOW THAT
BUT ME?
- BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT VERY GOOD
AT READING SIGNS.
- THAT IS NOT TRUE.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- WHEN I PROPOSED TO YOU,
YOU ACTED LIKE IT CAME
COMPLETELY OUT OF LEFT FIELD.
- OKAY, WELL, IT DID.
THAT WAS CRAZY.
- I TOOK YOU RING SHOPPING!
- THAT COULD'VE MEANT
A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS.
- OH, MY GOD.
- DO YOU THAT IN SOME CULTURES
AN EXCHANGE OF RINGS
IS, LIKE...
IS FOR FRIENDSHIP?
- MM-HMM.
- OR PERHAPS, LIKE,
AN EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY?
- SYRUP?
- WHAT?
- WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH THE SYRUP?
DID YOU AND GARY
GO THE FULL 9 1/2 WEEKS?
- NO. SHUT UP.
IT'S FOR MY MOM.
IT'S FROM LAKE KIMMEWAH.
YOU KNOW THAT GUY
WITH THE YELLOW BEARD,
GIVES IT OUT TO EVERYBODY?
- YOUR MOM GAVE YOU SOMETHING?
THAT'S HUGE.
- NO, IT ISN'T.
SHE JUST WANTS TO GET
A BUNCH OF SYRUP OFF HER HANDS.
MAGGIE SAYS SHE'S TRYING
TO CONNECT WITH ME, BUT...
- UH-HUH.
- THEN I'D HAVE
TO GO OVER THERE,
AND WE'D HAVE TO SIT AND TALK
FOR, LIKE, HOURS AND HOURS.
- AND THIS IS LITERALLY WHAT
WE WERE JUST TALKING ABOUT.
- COULD YOU GET OUT OF MY CAR?
I'M SICK OF YOU BEING RIGHT.
- OH, SURE.
- THANK YOU.
- OKAY. BY ALL MEANS.
- GET OUT.
THANK YOU.
- OKAY, MM-HMM.
- TAKE CARE.
- SEE YOU LATER.
- I WISH STEVE HAD DONE THIS.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, STEVE IS NOT
THE ANSWER TO YOUR PROBLEMS.
YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT?
- HE'S THE ANSWER
TO ONE OF THEM.
- OH, YEAH?
- MM-HMM.
MY DOWNSTAIRS.
- OH, I THOUGHT GARY BEITCHER
WAS THE ANSWER
TO YOUR DOWNSTAIRS PROBLEMS.
- GET OUT OF HERE, PLEASE.
- OKAY, YEAH.
[soft acoustic music]
♪ ♪
[doorbell rings]
- HEY, MAGS,
I DON'T KNOW WHERE YOU ARE,
BUT I KNOW I SCREWED UP,
AND I WANNA SAY I'M SORRY.
SO, UM, ALSO, UM, I WENT
TO SEE MY MOM LIKE YOU SAID.
SO ANYWAY,
CALL ME BACK, OKAY?
OH.
I BROUGHT WAFFLES.
- THEN I GUESS
WE'RE DOING THIS NOW.
- [laughs]
MAY HAVE GOTTEN A LITTLE SOGGY
IN TRANSIT,
BUT I THINK
THEY'LL STILL BE GOOD--
MAGGIE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- UM, NOTHING.
WE WERE--I WAS JUST, UM--
- WELL, I GUESS THE CAT'S
OUT OF THE BAG.
YOUR BEST FRIEND MAGGIE AND I
ARE...FRIENDS.
- WHAT?
- NO, IT'S NOT
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
- YOU HAVE A SECRET FRIENDSHIP
WITH MY MOM?
- NO, IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
WE JUST, LIKE,
SPEND TIME TOGETHER
AND TALK ABOUT OUR LIVES.
- AND ISN'T THAT THE VERY
DEFINITION OF A FRIENDSHIP?
- OKAY, MAGGIE, WHY ARE YOU
HIDING THINGS FROM ME?
FIRST GARY, NOW YOU'RE
CHEATING ON ME WITH MY MOM?
- NO, I...
[sighs]
I DON'T KNOW.
I DIDN'T TELL YOU
THAT I LIKED GARY
BECAUSE YOU SEEMED SO EXCITED
WHEN YOU GOT HIS MESSAGE.
AND YOUR MOM, I JUST--
SHE MAKES ME FEEL BETTER
WHEN I'M SAD.
[sighs]
- THAT'S WHAT I DO.
- [laughs]
YES, DEAR, BUT YOU ABSCONDED
TO SHANGHAI
ALL THOSE YEARS AGO.
- YEAH.
AND I DIDN'T WANNA TELL YOU
'CAUSE I KNEW YOU'D BE UPSET.
- OH, WELL, I'M NOT UPSET.
IN FACT,
I DON'T EVEN CARE.
IF YOU WANNA BE BEST FRIENDS
WITH MY MOM,
THAT'S TOTES KEWL!
- OH, DO NOT
"TOTES KEWL" ME.
- OH, I WILL "TOTES KEWL"
WHOEVER I--
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
YOU AND MY MOTHER,
ON A TANDEM KAYAK
IN LAKE KIMMEWAH?
OUR SPECIAL PLACE?
- YOU WERE IN CHINA!
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO,
KAYAK ALONE?
THAT'S NOT SAFE.
I'D BEEN DRINKING.
- HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU BEEN
TO THE CABIN, MAGGIE?
HMM?
- I DON'T KNOW,
JUST A COUPLE.
LIKE, A CHRISTMAS OR TWO.
- HMM.
ISN'T THAT A PRETTY PICTURE?
THE TWO OF YOU SIPPING WASSAIL
OVER AN OPEN FIRE!
WHAT DID YOU,
ROAST A COUPLE CHESTNUTS?
IS THAT WHAT YOU DID?
- AH!
- YOU SEE, MAGGIE?
I TOLD YOU THAT SYRUP IDEA
WOULD BACKFIRE.
- WHAT? WAIT A SECOND.
- CRAP.
- THE SYRUP WAS YOUR IDEA?
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS RICH.
THIS IS RICHER
THAN ANY SYRUP COULD EVER BE.
I AM GOING TO GO
EAT MY WAFFLES ALONE.
AND WITHOUT SYRUP.
DRY!
DRY AS A GODDAMN BONE!
- PLEASE, NO!
DRINK SOME WATER!
- NOPE.
- SO JUST SLAP YOUR OLD
JOHN HANCOCK ON THAT ONE,
AND WE ARE FINISHED.
- SO WE DON'T HAVE
TO GO TO COURT?
- NO COURT.
BUT BRUCE HAS REQUESTED FIVE
MARRIAGE COUNSELING SESSIONS.
- WHAT?
- YEAH.
HE'S CONVINCED
THAT YOUR FREAK-OUT
AT THE MEDIATION
WAS ALL ABOUT HIM,
AND HE WANTS ANOTHER CHANCE
TO WIN YOU BACK.
- WELL, THAT'S NEVER
GONNA HAPPEN.
- YEAH, I KNOW.
BUT DON'T TELL BRUCE THAT.
AT LEAST NOT
UNTIL THE LAST SESSION.
- [laughs]
- OKAY?
- OH, GARY, I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW YOU WERE HERE.
- OH, NO, NO, NO.
WE'RE DONE.
AND, UM,
YOU SHOULD STAY, OKAY?
I'LL GIVE YOU GUYS A MOMENT.
HEY.
- HEY.
- DID YOU GUYS
HAVE A QUICKIE?
- YEAH, WE BROKE
THE PORCH SWING
WITH OUR VIGOROUS LOVEMAKING.
I ENDED IT WITH GARY.
- EMMA, YOU DIDN'T HAVE
TO DO THAT.
- PLEASE, IT'S FINE.
HE HAD T-REX ARMS.
- I'M SORRY?
- LIKE, HE HAS ARMS LIKE
A TYRANNOSAURUS REX.
[screeches]
- I DIDN'T NOTICE THAT.
- YEAH, NO, HE DID.
EVERY TIME HE WENT TO HUG ME
IT WAS, LIKE,
RIGHT ON MY BOOBS.
- [laughs]
COME ON.
- NO, I THINK
I WAS JUST TRYING
TO HAVE A LITTLE...
SHANGHAI SURPRISE
HERE IN THE STATES.
BUT...
YOU'RE THE ONLY THING
THAT MATTERS.
- I KNOW.
I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU
THAT I LIKED HIM, THOUGH.
- NO, PLEASE,
I SHOULD'VE KNOWN.
- OKAY.
WELL, I AM GONNA BREAK UP
WITH YOUR MOM.
- NO, PLEASE.
IF YOU WANNA BE FRIENDS
WITH MY MOM,
THAT IS YOUR HELL TO PAY.
BUT YOU HAVE TO STOP
HIDING STUFF FROM ME, OKAY?
- OKAY.
- AND I KNOW THAT I DON'T ALWAYS
PAY ATTENTION
'CAUSE I'M TOO BUSY TALKING...
- [laughs]
- BUT PLEASE DON'T TELL ME
SOMETHING IS TOTES KEWL
IF IT ISN'T TOTES KEWL
'CAUSE I DON'T WANNA HURT
YOUR FEELINGS.
- OKAY, WELL, THAT'S ALL KEWL.
IT'S KEWL. TOTES KEWL.
- OKAY, DON'T SAY IT.
- CAN I JUST SAY ONE THING
THAT IS NOT TOTES KEWL?
- WHAT?
- WE ARE RUNNING DANGEROUSLY LOW
ON THIS SWEET, SWEET SYRUP, SO--
- OOH. I NEED TO GET
A LITTLE BIT OF THAT.
- HEY, IT'S ALMOST GONE!
- [gasps]
OH, YOU HAVE A REAL PROBLEM,
DON'T YOU?
- MY ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT
YOU WON'T GIVE ME THE SYRUP.
- I'M GONNA BRING YOU
TO CELEBRITY REHAB.
TO THE COURT FOR BEING
MEAN TO PREGNANT PEOPLE!
- OOH-HOO-HOO!
- GIVE IT TO--HEY!
- OOH, YOU WANT IT? YOU WANT IT?
WITH US TAKING
THIS MUCH SYRUP?
- PLEASE, I HAVE MORE
THAN I CAN HANDLE.
I THINK THAT YELLOW-BEARDED
SYRUP MAKER WAS IN LOVE WITH ME.
- OH, HE IS--THE LAST TIME
WE WERE AT THE CABIN,
GOOD OL' PEEBEARD
WAS ALL UP IN YOUR BUSINESS.
- MAGGIE, YOU ARE BAD!
[laughter]
- OH, GUYS, TOO SOON.
OKAY.
- WELL, IT'S A SHAME THAT
OUR TIME'S COMING TO AN END.
IT'S BEEN A DELIGHT.
- OH, WELL, WAIT!
MOM, I MEAN, WE'RE HERE.
WE COULD STICK AROUND,
HAVE SOME CHAMOMILE,
MAYBE CUDDLE UP
WITH THOSE KASHMIR THROWS
YOU GAVE TO MAGGIE
BUT NOT ME.
- YEAH, I'M NOT IN THE MOOD
FOR TEA.
- OKAY, GWEN,
SHE CAME FOR THE SYRUP.
THIS IS WHAT
WE WERE TALKING ABOUT.
- MRS. CRAWFORD, I CHANGED OUT
ALL THE LIGHT BULBS.
ANYTHING ELSE
YOU NEED ME TO DO?
- OH...MY...GOD.
- HOLY CRAP.
- UH, YES, STEVE.
AS A MATTER OF FACT, I HAVE
SOME VERY HEAVY PAVING STONES
IN THE BACKYARD,
AND...
I'D LIKE YOU
TO MOVE THEM FOR ME.
- WELL, THAT'S GONNA BE
A DIRTY JOB.
I'LL HAVE
TO TAKE OFF MY SHIRT.
- THAT'S FINE, STEVE.
THAT'S JUST FINE.
[laughter]
- OH, MY--I CANNOT BELIEVE
MY MOM IS AN OLD HORNDOG.
- [scoffs]
LIKE MOTHER, LIKE DAUGHTER.
- OKAY, NOT KEWL, OKAY?
TOTALLY NOT KEWL.